[Music]
we're spell hobbyking come with another
great product we're going to talk about
today so this is a bit of a transformer
this is perfect for field applications
or just saving space at your desk at
home so what is this you expect give me
one second and I'll show you
and here we are back so what it is is a
pocket prop balancer now I know prop
Allen sirs have been around for a while
but this definitely has a few tricks up
its sleeve obviously the first thing is
is that it can break down and be nice
and compact up so you can just throw it
in your field box if necessary so you
break a prop out while you're flying or
something like that and got a few in
your box you don't have to pre balance
them they're just ready to do right out
of the field the other nice cool thing
about this is that we've designed it to
be able to utilize some of the newer
props that are coming onto the market
that have been having issues as far as
balancing and what I'm talking about is
this style crop right here
this is called a direct mount it's been
called several different things we call
t style props because it it was
originally used on t motors direct bolt
props or three hole mounting props
anyway
this type of prop just uses a center
hole and it's four millimeters for
centering the propeller up normally it's
a top washer that has that call it in it
and then two three millimeter bolts that
bolted on mainly for the multi rotor
range starting to make it in a little
bit of the aircraft range but really
difficult to balance these props because
it doesn't have a very big center core
there section to be able to put the two
cones into it so what we did on this
particular one is right at the edge of
the the cone zone this is an exact four
millimeter call it machined into it and
what you're able to do with a standard
propeller you just go cone in cone in
like that and with the T style propeller
what you're able to do is go ahead and
take this and flip one of them around
and it's machined with a recess in the
back on both cones so you can use it
either way
and I'll just back that out and since
you have that four millimeter hole right
there what that does is take a tee style
prop it centers on that four millimeter
so it's centered this way the same as it
would be on the motor and use the flat
of the other cone and just go ahead and
run that
on down so let me just get that down and
I'll show you what this is able to do
okay
so right out there it's not centered off
the continents from a centigrade out to
four millimeters it's got the nice flat
section just like it would be on a motor
and it's centered up just go ahead and
Chuck that in there and you are able to
balance out your carbon props or t-style
props just with this particular balancer
now these magnets on there are extremely
powerful so it can handle a large prop
I've had a 17 inch drop on it no problem
it's got no issues with that balance it
to the one side go ahead and take it off
flip it over and throw it on the other
side just to check it on these
particular props it's that better to
stand them than trying to add tape
plastic props go ahead and add tape to
it anyway it's a perfect little tool for
your field box check it out it's up on
the new items page and we will see you
next time
[Music]
you